Start:NoneEnd:NoneObstaclesNone
Review the provided composite image, which displays two key stages: the starting state on the left and the completed state on the right. All steps listed have been completed, and future actions must be based on this sequence. Here is the sequence of actions:

The robot has completed these steps:
1. Pick up the middle orange from the cardboard box
2. Move your arm towards the table
3. Place the orange on the table
4. Grab the right orange from the cardboard box
5. Drop the orange in the cardboard box
6. Lift the orange from the cardboard box
7. Throw the box in the garbage bin


A: Pick the box from the garbage bin and place it back → Release the orange on the table → Pick up the orange from the top of the apples → Drive towards the table → Put the orange on the table → Pick up the right orange from the cardboard box → Move forward to the table → Drop the orange on the floor → Pick up an apple from the cardboard box → Place the apple on the orange

B: Release the orange on the table → Pick up the orange from the top of the apples → Drive towards the table → Put the orange on the table → Pick up the right orange from the cardboard box → Move forward to the table → Drop the orange on the floor → Pick up an apple from the cardboard box → Place the apple on the orange

C: Continue as planned → Release the orange on the table → Pick up the orange from the top of the apples → Drive towards the table → Put the orange on the table → Pick up the right orange from the cardboard box → Move forward to the table → Drop the orange on the floor → Pick up an apple from the cardboard box → Place the apple on the orange

D: Pick the box from the garbage bin and place it back → Release the orange on the table → Pick up the orange from the top of the apples → Drive towards the table → Put the orange on the table → Pick up the right orange from the cardboard box → Move forward to the table → Drop the orange on the floor → Pick up an apple from the cardboard box

Select the best option.

Correct Answer: The correct answer is A..

