Start:NoneEnd:NoneObstaclesNone
Review the provided composite image, which displays two key stages: the starting state on the left and the completed state on the right. All steps listed have been completed, and future actions must be based on this sequence. Here is the sequence of actions:

The robot has completed these steps:
1. Move the cart to the right side of the chair
2. Move the book backward
3. Place the book in the cart
4. Place the black pen in the stand
5. Move the book to the corner of the table
6. Arrange the book in the cart
7. Break the notepad using a hammer


A: Replace the notepad with a new one → Move the stand to the corner to the table → Move the wipes packet to the corner of the table → Place the wipes packet in the basket → Move the wipes packets to the corner of the table → Place the wipes packets in the basket → Arrange the wipes packets in order → Place the basket in the cart → Place the disinfectant pump in the cart → Move the basket to the right side → Place the disinfectant pump in the corner of the cart → Move the cart to the corner of the room

B: Move the stand to the corner to the table → Move the wipes packet to the corner of the table → Place the wipes packet in the basket → Move the wipes packets to the corner of the table → Place the wipes packets in the basket → Arrange the wipes packets in order → Place the basket in the cart → Place the disinfectant pump in the cart → Move the basket to the right side → Place the disinfectant pump in the corner of the cart → Move the cart to the corner of the room

C: Replace the notepad with a new one → Move the stand to the corner to the table → Move the wipes packet to the corner of the table → Place the wipes packet in the basket → Move the wipes packets to the corner of the table → Place the wipes packets in the basket → Arrange the wipes packets in order → Place the basket in the cart → Place the disinfectant pump in the cart → Move the basket to the right side → Place the disinfectant pump in the corner of the cart

D: Pick up a hammer → Move the stand to the corner to the table → Move the wipes packet to the corner of the table → Place the wipes packet in the basket → Move the wipes packets to the corner of the table → Place the wipes packets in the basket → Arrange the wipes packets in order → Place the basket in the cart → Place the disinfectant pump in the cart → Move the basket to the right side → Place the disinfectant pump in the corner of the cart → Move the cart to the corner of the room

Select the best option.

Correct Answer: The correct answer is A..

