Start:NoneEnd:NoneObstaclesNone
Review the provided composite image, which displays two key stages: the starting state on the left and the completed state on the right. All steps listed have been completed, and future actions must be based on this sequence. Here is the sequence of actions:

The robot has completed these steps:
1. Put the bowl upright on the table
2. place the bowl upright on the table
3. put bowl upright on the table
4. place the bowl on the table
5. Put the lid on the table
6. place the lid on the table
7. put lid of jar on the table
8. Throw the tongs in the garbage bin


A: Pick the tongs from the garbage bin and place it back → open the glass jar lid → Pick up the scoop → pour the snacks in the bowl → pick up the cereal scoop → put the snack balls in the bowl → Hold the scoop → put snacks in the bowl → put the scooper in the holder → Put the snacks in the bowl → place the scoop in the holder → put cereal scoop in the holder

B: Leave things as they are → open the glass jar lid → Pick up the scoop → pour the snacks in the bowl → pick up the cereal scoop → put the snack balls in the bowl → Hold the scoop → put snacks in the bowl → put the scooper in the holder → Put the snacks in the bowl → place the scoop in the holder → put cereal scoop in the holder → close the glass jar lid

C: open the glass jar lid → Pick up the scoop → pour the snacks in the bowl → pick up the cereal scoop → put the snack balls in the bowl → Hold the scoop → put snacks in the bowl → put the scooper in the holder → Put the snacks in the bowl → place the scoop in the holder → put cereal scoop in the holder → close the glass jar lid

D: Pick the tongs from the garbage bin and place it back → open the glass jar lid → Pick up the scoop → pour the snacks in the bowl → pick up the cereal scoop → put the snack balls in the bowl → Hold the scoop → put snacks in the bowl → put the scooper in the holder → Put the snacks in the bowl → place the scoop in the holder → put cereal scoop in the holder → close the glass jar lid

Select the best option.

Correct Answer: The correct answer is D..

