Start:NoneEnd:NoneObstaclesNone
Review the provided composite image, which displays two key stages: the starting state on the left and the completed state on the right. All steps listed have been completed, and future actions must be based on this sequence. Here is the sequence of actions:

The robot has completed these steps:
1. put the paper bowl upright on the table
2. unstack a cup
3. place the paper bowl on the table
4. unstack the paper cup
5. Place the bowl upright
6. Place the cup on up right
7. place the cup on table
8. Put the glass on the table.
9. place cup on table
10. open the lid
11. place jar lid on the table
12. open the lid of the jar
13. place the cup near the jar
14. Open the jar lid
15. Place the jar lid on the table
16. place the cap on table
17. Transfer cup from table to dispenser


A: Open tthe lid → place jar lid on table → put lid on the table → pick up the scoop → put pistachio in the paper bowl → place the lid on the table → Grab the scoop from the holder → Pick up the scooper → pick the spoon → pick up cereal scoop → place the pistachios in the cup

B: Transfer cup from dispenser back to table → Open tthe lid → place jar lid on table → put lid on the table → pick up the scoop → put pistachio in the paper bowl → place the lid on the table → Grab the scoop from the holder → Pick up the scooper → pick the spoon → pick up cereal scoop

C: Leave things as they are → Open tthe lid → place jar lid on table → put lid on the table → pick up the scoop → put pistachio in the paper bowl → place the lid on the table → Grab the scoop from the holder → Pick up the scooper → pick the spoon → pick up cereal scoop → place the pistachios in the cup

D: Transfer cup from dispenser back to table → Open tthe lid → place jar lid on table → put lid on the table → pick up the scoop → put pistachio in the paper bowl → place the lid on the table → Grab the scoop from the holder → Pick up the scooper → pick the spoon → pick up cereal scoop → place the pistachios in the cup

Select the best option.

Correct Answer: The correct answer is D..

