Start:NoneEnd:NoneObstaclesNone
Review the provided composite image, which displays two key stages: the starting state on the left and the completed state on the right. All steps listed have been completed, and future actions must be based on this sequence. Here is the sequence of actions:

The robot has completed these steps:
1. move to the jar lid
2. Open the lid of the glass jar
3. Place the black lid on the table
4. Grasp the scoop in the black holder
5. Pick up the scoop from the black holder
6. Drop the scoop in the pistachio jar
7. Grab the scoop
8. Pick pistachios from the jar
9. Move to the bottom paper cup
10. place the scoop in the jar
11. Transfer napkin from table to cup


A: Transfer napkin from cup back to table → Hold the scoop → Lift pistachios from the jar → Release the scoop in the jar → Grasp the scoop → Pick up pistachios from the jar → Pour the cashews into the top brown paper cup → Put the scoop in the jar → Grasp a brown tissue in the tissue holder → Pick a brown tissue from the tissue holder → place the tissue on the table → Lift the scoop from the jar → Place the plastic scoop in the black holder → pick up the jar lid

B: Transfer napkin from cup back to table → Hold the scoop → Lift pistachios from the jar → Release the scoop in the jar → Grasp the scoop → Pick up pistachios from the jar → Pour the cashews into the top brown paper cup → Put the scoop in the jar → Grasp a brown tissue in the tissue holder → Pick a brown tissue from the tissue holder → place the tissue on the table → Lift the scoop from the jar → Place the plastic scoop in the black holder → pick up the jar lid → place the lid on the glass jar

C: Leave things as they are → Hold the scoop → Lift pistachios from the jar → Release the scoop in the jar → Grasp the scoop → Pick up pistachios from the jar → Pour the cashews into the top brown paper cup → Put the scoop in the jar → Grasp a brown tissue in the tissue holder → Pick a brown tissue from the tissue holder → place the tissue on the table → Lift the scoop from the jar → Place the plastic scoop in the black holder → pick up the jar lid → place the lid on the glass jar

D: Hold the scoop → Lift pistachios from the jar → Release the scoop in the jar → Grasp the scoop → Pick up pistachios from the jar → Pour the cashews into the top brown paper cup → Put the scoop in the jar → Grasp a brown tissue in the tissue holder → Pick a brown tissue from the tissue holder → place the tissue on the table → Lift the scoop from the jar → Place the plastic scoop in the black holder → pick up the jar lid → place the lid on the glass jar

Select the best option.

Correct Answer: The correct answer is B..

